Azure deployment: No subfolder with the name of the zip file should b… (#51)
FirelyTeam/firely-docs-firely-server: deployment/azureWebApp.rst

   .. image:: ../images/Azure_02_ChooseName.png
      :align: center

#. Add the trial license file (firelyserver-trial-license.json) to the firely-server-latest.zip by dragging the license file into the zipfile.
#. Open a webbrowser, navigate to ``https://<webapp>.scm.azurewebsites.net/ZipDeployUI`` and drag vonk_distribution.zip into the browser window. 
   This will install the Firely Server as a Web App in Azure.
   In our example the url is ``https://firelyserver.scm.azurewebsites.net/ZipDeployUI``
   This method of deployment does not work in Internet Explorer. It does work in Firefox, Chrome and Edge.

>    Please make sure that after you have uploaded the .zip file, all content is extracted directly into webroot directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Please make sure that after you have uploaded the .zip file, all content is extracted into the top-level webroot directory.
```
